1286259865
AddAttachmentPhotoToGalleryItem	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002130424_add_attachment_photo_to_gallery_item.rb	class AddAttachmentPhotoToGalleryItem 
Application	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Bke	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/config/application.rb	module Bke
Book	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/models/book.rb	class Book 
BookTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/book_test.rb	class BookTest 
BooksController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	class BooksController 
BooksControllerTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	class BooksControllerTest 
BooksHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/books_helper.rb	module BooksHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Calendar	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/models/calendar.rb	class Calendar 
CalendarTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/calendar_test.rb	class CalendarTest 
CalendarsController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/calendars_controller.rb	class CalendarsController 
CalendarsControllerTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	class CalendarsControllerTest 
CalendarsHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/calendars_helper.rb	module CalendarsHelper
CreateBooks	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002105033_create_books.rb	class CreateBooks 
CreateCalendars	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002105207_create_calendars.rb	class CreateCalendars 
CreateGalleries	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002130222_create_galleries.rb	class CreateGalleries 
CreateGalleryItems	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002130313_create_gallery_items.rb	class CreateGalleryItems 
CreateHotels	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002124327_create_hotels.rb	class CreateHotels 
CreateRestaurants	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002125419_create_restaurants.rb	class CreateRestaurants 
CreateRoomTypes	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002123854_create_room_types.rb	class CreateRoomTypes 
CreateRooms	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002105352_create_rooms.rb	class CreateRooms 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101003093930_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
ErrorMessagesHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	module ErrorMessagesHelper
FormBuilderAdditions	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  module FormBuilderAdditions
GalleriesController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/galleries_controller.rb	class GalleriesController 
GalleriesControllerTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	class GalleriesControllerTest 
GalleriesHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/galleries_helper.rb	module GalleriesHelper
Gallery	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/models/gallery.rb	class Gallery 
GalleryItem	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/models/gallery_item.rb	class GalleryItem 
GalleryItemTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/gallery_item_test.rb	class GalleryItemTest 
GalleryItemsController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/gallery_items_controller.rb	class GalleryItemsController 
GalleryItemsControllerTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	class GalleryItemsControllerTest 
GalleryItemsHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/gallery_items_helper.rb	module GalleryItemsHelper
GalleryTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/gallery_test.rb	class GalleryTest 
Hotel	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/models/hotel.rb	class Hotel 
HotelTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/hotel_test.rb	class HotelTest 
HotelsController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/hotels_controller.rb	class HotelsController 
HotelsControllerTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	class HotelsControllerTest 
HotelsHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/hotels_helper.rb	module HotelsHelper
LayoutHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	module LayoutHelper
Restaurant	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/models/restaurant.rb	class Restaurant 
RestaurantTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/restaurant_test.rb	class RestaurantTest 
RestaurantsController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/restaurants_controller.rb	class RestaurantsController 
RestaurantsControllerTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	class RestaurantsControllerTest 
RestaurantsHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/restaurants_helper.rb	module RestaurantsHelper
Room	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/models/room.rb	class Room 
RoomTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/room_test.rb	class RoomTest 
RoomType	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/models/room_type.rb	class RoomType 
RoomTypeTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/room_type_test.rb	class RoomTypeTest 
RoomTypesController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/room_types_controller.rb	class RoomTypesController 
RoomTypesControllerTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	class RoomTypesControllerTest 
RoomTypesHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/room_types_helper.rb	module RoomTypesHelper
RoomsController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/rooms_controller.rb	class RoomsController 
RoomsControllerTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	class RoomsControllerTest 
RoomsHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/rooms_helper.rb	module RoomsHelper
TestCase	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
WelcomeController	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	class WelcomeController 
WelcomeControllerTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/welcome_controller_test.rb	class WelcomeControllerTest 
WelcomeHelper	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/welcome_helper.rb	module WelcomeHelper
WelcomeHelperTest	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/helpers/welcome_helper_test.rb	class WelcomeHelperTest 
create	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/calendars_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/galleries_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/gallery_items_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/hotels_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/restaurants_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/room_types_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/rooms_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/calendars_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/galleries_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/gallery_items_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/hotels_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/restaurants_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/room_types_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/rooms_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002105033_create_books.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002105207_create_calendars.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002105352_create_rooms.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002123854_create_room_types.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002124327_create_hotels.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002125419_create_restaurants.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002130222_create_galleries.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002130313_create_gallery_items.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002130424_add_attachment_photo_to_gallery_item.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101003093930_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/calendars_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/galleries_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/gallery_items_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/hotels_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/restaurants_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/room_types_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/rooms_controller.rb	  def edit
error_messages	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	    def error_messages
error_messages_for	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  def error_messages_for
index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/calendars_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/galleries_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/gallery_items_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/hotels_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/restaurants_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/room_types_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/rooms_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	  def index
javascript	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def javascript
new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/calendars_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/galleries_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/gallery_items_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/hotels_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/restaurants_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/room_types_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/rooms_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/calendars_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/galleries_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/gallery_items_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/hotels_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/restaurants_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/room_types_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/rooms_controller.rb	  def show
show_title?	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def show_title?
stylesheet	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def stylesheet
test_create_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_create_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_create_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_create_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_create_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_create_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_create_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_create_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_destroy	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_edit	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_homepage	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
test_index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_index	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_new	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_should_be_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/book_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_be_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/calendar_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_be_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/gallery_item_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_be_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/gallery_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_be_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/hotel_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_be_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/restaurant_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_be_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/room_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_be_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/unit/room_type_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	  def test_show
test_show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	  def test_show
test_show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	  def test_show
test_show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	  def test_show
test_show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	  def test_show
test_show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	  def test_show
test_show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	  def test_show
test_show	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	  def test_show
test_update_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_invalid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/books_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
test_update_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/calendars_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
test_update_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/galleries_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
test_update_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/gallery_items_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
test_update_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/hotels_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
test_update_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/restaurants_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
test_update_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/room_types_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
test_update_valid	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/test/functional/rooms_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
title	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def title
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002105033_create_books.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002105207_create_calendars.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002105352_create_rooms.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002123854_create_room_types.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002124327_create_hotels.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002125419_create_restaurants.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002130222_create_galleries.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002130313_create_gallery_items.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101002130424_add_attachment_photo_to_gallery_item.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/db/migrate/20101003093930_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/books_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/calendars_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/galleries_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/gallery_items_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/hotels_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/restaurants_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/room_types_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/phuketschool/dev/ror/bke/app/controllers/rooms_controller.rb	  def update
